Moba 6908 mid session installs (#2072)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/appium/test-app-upgrades.md

But app upgrades aren't the only scenario where you might need to install apps during a running session. Sometimes, your app's functionality might rely on other dependent applications. In such cases, testing your app's interplay with these dependencies becomes essential. For instance, if your application pulls data from or interacts with another app, you'd want to ensure that this interaction remains smooth even after an upgrade. This makes the ability to install dependent apps during a run an invaluable feature for comprehensive testing.

This document will guide you through the process of installing apps mid-session in Appium, mimicking the user behavior when apps are being installed or upgraded from the App Store or Play Store.

:::caution Impotant

> Note that downgrading apps is not a flow supported by Sauce Labs due to the fact that this is not a supported flow by the App Store or Play Store.

Author: Thanks

:::

## Usage

> Before running your test execution, the first step involves uploading the app that is intended for upgrade (the newer version) or any dependent app. You can accomplish this task using our [REST API](/dev/api/storage/#upload-file-to-app-storage) or manually through our [Sauce Labs UI](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#uploading-an-app). This process is similar to how you would handle your app under test.

Reviewer: We should call out API upload here ONLY, i dont think for automated is a good practice to validate stuff manually uploaded stuff, sounds error prone or they need to hardcode fileIDs etc. should be in their pipeline

//  
driver.execute('mobile: launchApp', { bundleId: 'com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn'});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```py
# Android
driver.execute_script("mobile: startActivity", {"intent": "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn/.MainActivity"})
# iOS
driver.execute_script("mobile: launchApp", {"bundleId": "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn"})
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ruby">

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```ruby
# Android
@driver.execute_script("mobile: startActivity", {"intent" => "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn/.MainActivity"})
# iOS
@driver.execute_script("mobile: launchApp", {"bundleId" => "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn"})
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="csharp">

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```csharp
// Android
driver.ExecuteScript("mobile: startActivity", new Dictionary<string, string> { { "intent", "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn/.MainActivity" } });
// iOS
driver.ExecuteScript("mobile: launchApp", new Dictionary<string, string> { { "bundleId", "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.rn" } });
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

This is an example test execution that installs an app mid-session, launches it and:

> - validates that the version has been upgraded

Reviewer: should we help them to validate if the right version is updated?
So if they call the upgrade what they think is version 1.5
Should we add a callback or can they validate what is the version of the app they run the test against? is it really 1.5?

Author: This will be released this week, thanks for the useful feedback

driver.ExecuteScript("mobile: installApp", new Dictionary<string, string> { { "appPath", "storage:filename=<file-name>.apk|ipa" } });
// When using the file id
driver.ExecuteScript("mobile: installApp", new Dictionary<string, string> { { "appPath", "storage:<file-id>" } });
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

A successful installation will return the following response which can be used to validate if the right version of the app was installed:

<Tabs
groupId="install-app-response"
defaultValue="android"
values={[
{label: 'Android', value: 'android'},
{label: 'iOS', value: 'ios'},
]}>

<TabItem value="android">

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```json
{
  "packageName": "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.android",
  "version": "1.5.0",
  "buildNumber": "274"
}
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="ios">

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```json
{
  "bundleId": "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.ios",
  "version": "1.5.0",
  "buildNumber": "191"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

By default, Appium will not automatically launch the app after a mid-session install. You will need to launch the app manually using the followings commands after installation:

- **iOS:** `mobile: launchApp`
- **Android:** `mobile: startActivity`

> For clarity, we added two extra text lines in the Appium Commands list in the Sauce Labs UI to indicate that the app has been installed and needs to be launched manually. You will also see that that the command `GET /timeouts` is called. This is a "heartbeat" to keep the session alive when installing the app takes longer than the default timeout of 60 seconds. It will ensure that the Appium session will not timeout before the app is installed and is set to a maximum of 5 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We added two extra text lines in the Appium Commands list in the Sauce Labs UI to indicate that the app has been installed and needs to be launched manually. Additionally, you will notice the execution of the command `GET /timeouts`. This command acts as a "heartbeat" to keep the session active when installation takes longer than the default timeout of 60 seconds.  By setting a maximum timeout of 5 minutes, the Appium session will remain active until the app is successfully installed, ensuring that it doesn't expire prematurely. 
```
